#This game was made while i was still learning the basics of python and therefore horrible.
TextGame0 features:

1. Commands:
The basis of this game from the terminal you type in a "command"
these commands always. and i mean always start with a /(if they are finished) and should(They don't) but should start with a lowercase
I had someone playtest and they complained that commands were annoying because of case sensitivity.

2. Stats(Strength, Intelligence, Agility, Constitution):

Strength: Governed how much damage you did if you picked physical during the fight loop.
Intelligence: Governed how much damage you did if you picked magical during the fight loop.
Agility: Governed if you went first in a fight.
Costitution: Is supposed to govern health and defence.
Stats were divided into 4, Main stat, Secondary stat, Third stat, Fourth stat, this is pretty self explantory.
Dividing it into these groups helps make stat growth easier to handle.
Stat growth was decided by your class, if you picked warrior your main stat went up by four, secondary went up by 3, third by 2 and fourth by 1

2.1 Special stat:
Defence: Subracts the damage you take by its number / 2

Constitution the same as defence? replace defence?

ğ™‹ğ™§ğ™¤ğ™—ğ™¡ğ™šğ™¢ğ™¨ ğ™¬ğ™ğ™©ğ™ ğ™©ğ™ğ™ğ™¨ ğ™¨ğ™©ğ™–ğ™© ğ™¨ğ™®ğ™¨ğ™©ğ™šğ™¢:
1. You don't have very much control over your growth the system decides that for you
One solution to 1. is to make you get free stats every time you level up, the problem with this is that stats could get way to high, solution to this is to make exp double? everytime you level up.
2. The way stats were implemented meant that they could only used in battle.
I don't have very much of an idea if this is supposed to be a fight game or what, so this could a potential non problem.

3. Level System:
The way the current level system works, you fight enemies, get exp from said enemies if you defeat them.
if your exp meets the threshold, which is 100, mind you that you do get a consistent 60 from each fight so this stacks pretty quickly
your stats go up by(see line 11) which again stacks quickly.


4. Class selection(Warrior, Mage, Rouge)
Warrior: Strength/Main, Agility/Secondary, Constitution/third, intelligence/fourth
Mage: Intelligence/Main, Agility/Secondary, Constitution/third, Strength/fourth
Rouge: Agility/Main, Strength/Secondary, intelligence/third, Constitution/fourth

5. Enemies:
Enemies mimic the players stats, so s/a/i/c and they do the same thing against the player.
Enemies are don't really have types or different stats, they are just the same enemy disgused as different ones.

6. Fighting:
When you do /Fight, The fighting bool is True, and the loop starts, You get a fight prompt, you type yes, and your taken to a menu, Which has(Magical, Physical) You choose one by typing in your choice.
then it does damage based on what you chose and your stat(See 2. Stats)
If your hp equals zero nothing happens and you can continue on without ever being able heal and you lose 15 gold.
If enemies hp equals zero you get 60 exp, 10 gold, Skill_Skill_Skill exp, and the enemies health is reset.


7. Items and tools and armor:
Items, tools and armor. 
Items are weapons, weapons give bonus damage based on the rarity of course.
Tools are Tools, Tools give bonus wood/iron based on the rarity / 2.
Armor gives bonus to defence based rarity / 2

7.1 Inventory:
Inventory is self explantory, you store stuff in your inventory, Your Resources and items/tool/armor are stored there.
The inventory displayed the wood variable(The wood you have) the iron variable(The iron you have), the items, tools and armor dicts, plus equipped items

7.2 Crafting:
When you enter /Craft you go into the crafting "menu" The crafting variable is turned on(Switched to True instead of False), this was done because otherwise the crafting menu would loop.
After doing /Craft you get a prompt for an input, if you enter an item that is in one of the lists below, it crafts the assigning a rarity and damage to it.
There is a craft list/craft_list_tools/Craft_List_armor.
Damage is assigned by rarity and randomness, so if rarity common is chosen based on weighted choice(So common is more common than legendary) it picks a random damage to assign to the item.
While i was creating this i wanted wanted to make a disctinction between wood and iron tools, i couldn't really figure out how to do it, so i just just made it so, if wood/iron was in the item name it would subract wood/iron from your inventory(This was never scaled)
['Common']:
random.randint(2, 6)   
['Uncommon']:
random.randint(6, 12)  
['Rare']:
random.randint(12, 24)   
['Epic']
random.randint(24, 32)
then the item is added to your inventory and you can equip it from there(See equip section)

7.3 Recipes:
Same thing as inventory, just displays the crafts lists.


7.5 Equipping and Unequpping items and tools:
if you do /equip you get a prompt of which item you want to equip, if that item is in your inventory it is deleted from your inventory and a clone is placed in another dict which is equipped items.
You only get item bonuses when an item is equipped, this is because there are item_is_equipped/tool/armor these are bools and are only true if you equip and item, so i simply put a if Item_is_equipped apply the bonuses else don't.
When you do /unequip you get asked which item you want to unequip if its in your equipped items, it is deleted from that dict and clone again in your inventory.

8. Resource gathering:
You do /Chop wood or /Mine iron to get them
Wood and iron.
Can be used for crafting.
Everytime you collected a resource
You got 5 Exp, 10 Wood Chopping Skill Exp.
Same with iron, 5 Exp, 10 Mining Skill Exp
You cannot get a resource if you aren't in the correct area.

9. Shops & Gold:
Gold is pretty self explantory, you get gold from selling wood/iron/items/fights at shops and can use that gold to buy utility like health potions.
Shops do what they say on the tin, you get in, buy/sell/talk and then your out.

9.1 Selling:
You can sell wood/iron/items, 
Wood and iron are sold at a rate of 1-1, so 1 iron/wood = 1 gold
items are sold by there damage level + a random shop bonus.

9.2 Buying:
You can buy items.

9.3 Blacksmith:
Is the same as the shop but you can buy weapons or as the game calls them items.

10. Npcs:
These were never finished but i had a basic likeablity system and dialog system, you can talk to the npc from a list of dialog options and every time you did, your likeability went up by a small random amount 5,10.
if your likeability gets high enough you could get free items or new dialog options that will increase likeablity faster.

11. Traveling:
Traveling was just random encounters everytime you did /Traveling
How i did this was make it so it chooses between 1 and 10 and if for example picks 6 start an encounter otherwise change the current area and get nothing.
There was starting the fight loop encounter
A wandering shop encounter 
get +5 gold
and a prompt to save someone that is supposed to be a plot point for an npc.


12. Skills:
These all have a exp threshold of 100 and this does not change
There are three skills
Wood_Chopping which gives bonus wood by its level / 2
Mining which gives bonus iron by its level / 2
Skill_Skill_Skill which gives bonus damage by its level / 2
This is all of skills

13. Quests:
These were never completed and i didn't ever get them to work.
I tried using dicts and im almost there but now im redoing the game so ill get to that part when i get there.

13.1 infin quests:
There are two infinite quests, Wood Gathering and iron mining, Threshold starts at 10
Goes up by 10,20 everytime you meet that threshold forever.
You are supposed to get notified when you complete a infin quest but that seems to be broken.

14. Areas:
Areas were a attempt at world building, there are 6 areas for each resource type
Mine, Mountains, Rocky hills for iron.
Forest, Grassland, lumberyard for wood.
You cannot get a resource if you aren't in the correct area.
































Brainstorming:
Fighting game where you constantly fight enemies, level up, get skills from a skill tree, skill points, exp all that good jazz. 
Sandbox game where you kinda just chill and do whatever you want to, very directionless which i don't like. 
Crafting game where you craft items, go resource gathering and make even better items. 
